Update display settings in cubeviz docs (#365)
spacetelescope/jdaviz: docs/cubeviz/displaycubes.rst

Layer
-----

This option allows you to change which layer you are changing the settings for.

Attribute
---------

This shows which extension of the data is being displayed in the current viewer.

Contour
-------

This option selects whether to show or hide contours.

Bitmap
------

This option selects whether to show or hide the bitmap (image) in the viewer.

Opacity
^^^^^^^

Change the translucence of the image.

Contrast
^^^^^^^^

Change the luminance of the color in the image.

Bias
^^^^

Set a constant to subtract from every point in the data array before
applying the conversion between data value and displayed pixel saturation.
For example, with a data min=2 and max=10, any points in the array with value 2 or
less would be displayed as black in the viewer and any points 10 or higher
as white (with gray in between, assuming a gray scale colormap).
The :guilabel:`bias` slider center position is 0 bias, such that you can apply negative
bias values by sliding it left.

Stretch
^^^^^^^

Change the equation that is used to convert data values between
:guilabel:`min` and :guilabel:`max` to the 0 to 1 scale of pixel saturation on the displayed
image.

Percentile
^^^^^^^^^^

> Change the percentage of data that is included in the visualization.

Reviewer: I think this could be a little more informative - maybe something like "Can be used to set the Min and Max values based on percentiles of the data". I'd have to look at what the glue-jupyter code is doing to figure out exactly the best wording, I think.

Min
"""

> If the percentile is "custom", then the minimum value for data to be visualized can be set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the percentile is "custom", then the data value corresponding to the minimum of the colormap scale (e.g. black in grayscale) can be set.
```
After thinking about it more, and in light of the bias/stretch changes, I think this would be clearer.

Max
"""

> If the percentile is "custom", then the maximum value for data to be visualized can be set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the percentile is "custom", then the data value corresponding to the maximum of the colormap scale (e.g. white in grayscale) can be set.
```
Same comment as for Min
